feat(daemon): add support for daemon on windows (#2014)
atuinsh/atuin: README.md

```
cargo install atuin
```

And then follow [the shell setup](#shell-plugin)

#### Daemon Build Dependencies

> [Protocol](https://grpc.io/docs/protoc-installation/) is required to build the daemon, which is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Protoc](https://grpc.io/docs/protoc-installation/) is required to build the daemon, which is enabled by default. This is because we use protobufs for the message serialization
```
